Update README.md (#8)
equinor/videx-wellog: README.md

cd examples/plain-javascript-example
npm run storybook
```

## Contribute:

> How to Contribude iss described here: https://github.com/equinor/videx-wellog/blob/dev/contributing.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to Contribute is described [here](./contributing.md)
```
